introduce yourself/tell me about your self.
i am ibtisham mansuri..i come from Rajasthan.i did my schooling from bundi in rajasthan.i completed bca from nims university jaipur  in 2015 
and completed mca from new horizon college of engineering bangalore karnataka 

what are your strengths
//i never give up on things easily no matter what the situation is,optimistic,self motivated,and (deciplined after joining masai)
what are your weaknesses
//overthinking,i sometimes i underestimate my capabilities

why do you want to work for our company
//i see this oppurtunity  comes with forward thinking and it makes me exciting.
i see the scope of growing here in terms of knowledge and career.
how did you hear about the position?
//from masai
what are your career objectives?where do you see ypurself 5 years from now

Tell me about a team project you did at work?what was your role and what was the outcome
//
what does your perfect day/workday look like?Take me through it
//
why did you join masai
//i wanted to have someone to guide me to achieve my goal and masai has a well structured work culture
what has been your experience at masai school?
//masai made me deciplined,i learnt here how to respect  the time.
why should we hire you?why do you think you are eligible for the job?how can you contribute?how will you be an asset for our company?
being a fresher,i think i am very flexible and adaptive to learning new things.i am sure i will be able to contribute something capable  for the growth of the company ..i recently worked on a project  and that taught me how to be a team player.and work in union
why did you leave the previous job?
where is there a gap in your employment/gap years after your education.
can you explain why you changed your career paths
Tell me how other people woud describe yoy?
how do you deal when you face a pressure
Tell me a challange you've faced at work/life and how you dealt with?
what are your salary expectations
what are the other companies are u interviewing with?
what are the 3 things that are most important for you in a job
mutual respect,decipline,flexibilty
do you know anyone who works for us?
No
do u have any questions for us
Will ask accordingly!!


